roles/msmtp/README.md, before:

# Ansible Role: MSMTP

Vlad's MSMTP Ansible Role.

## Requirements

*_N/A_*

## Role Variables

Available variables are listed below, along with default values (see defaults/main.yml)

- `msmtp_enabled`: Set to `yes` to enable MSMTP relay (defaults to `no`)
- `msmtp_log`: Log type; one of `syslog`, `file` or `no` (defaults to `syslog`)
- `msmtp_logfile`: If above type is file, the path to it (defaults to `/var/log/msmtp.log`)
- `msmtp_accounts`: A list of smtp accounts, for example

    ```yaml
    - account: mysmtp
      host: smtp.example.com
      port: 587
      auth: on
      from: me
      user: myuser
      password: 123456
    ```

- `msmtp_default_account`: Default MSMTP account from the list above
- `msmtp_alias_default`: The default user alias (defaults to `root`)
- `msmtp_alias_root`: The root alias (defaults to `msmtp_alias_default`)
- `msmtp_alias_cron`: The cron alias (defaults to `msmtp_alias_default`)
- `msmtp_ca_certificates_bundle`: The path for the certificates bundle (default to system's CA Certificates Paths; see `vars/OS_FAMILY.yml`)

## Dependencies

*_N/A_*

## Example Playbook

```yaml
- hosts: all
  become: yes
  roles:
      - vladgh.system.msmtp
  vars:
    # Sendgrid
    msmtp_enabled: yes
    msmtp_default_account: Sendgrid
    msmtp_alias_default: my_verified_sender@example.com
    msmtp_accounts:
      - account: Sendgrid
        host: smtp.sendgrid.net
        port: 587
        auth: 'on'  # Comment this value, otherwise it will become "True"
        from: my_verified_sender@example.com
        user: apikey
        password: "{{ vault_msmtp_sendgrid_password }}"
```

Commit message:

Use `true/false` for boolean values (#278)
* Switch Booleans

* Minor fixes

* Tweak molecule config

* Fix dns stub listener

* Fix dns stub listener

* Enable debug

* Debug

* Fix service

* Debug

* Debug

* Debug

* Debug

* tmpfs

* Restarted

* chronyd

* Fix

* Fix name and pause

* Fix dns

* Debug

* Fix

roles/msmtp/README.md, after:

# Ansible Role: MSMTP

Vlad's MSMTP Ansible Role.

## Requirements

*_N/A_*

## Role Variables

Available variables are listed below, along with default values (see defaults/main.yml)

- `msmtp_enabled`: Set to `true` to enable MSMTP relay (defaults to `false`)
- `msmtp_log`: Log type; one of `syslog`, `file` or `false` (defaults to `syslog`)
- `msmtp_logfile`: If above type is file, the path to it (defaults to `/var/log/msmtp.log`)
- `msmtp_accounts`: A list of smtp accounts, for example

    ```yaml
    - account: mysmtp
      host: smtp.example.com
      port: 587
      auth: on
      from: me
      user: myuser
      password: 123456
    ```

- `msmtp_default_account`: Default MSMTP account from the list above
- `msmtp_alias_default`: The default user alias (defaults to `root`)
- `msmtp_alias_root`: The root alias (defaults to `msmtp_alias_default`)
- `msmtp_alias_cron`: The cron alias (defaults to `msmtp_alias_default`)
- `msmtp_ca_certificates_bundle`: The path for the certificates bundle (default to system's CA Certificates Paths; see `vars/OS_FAMILY.yml`)

## Dependencies

*_N/A_*

## Example Playbook

```yaml
- hosts: all
  become: true
  roles:
      - vladgh.system.msmtp
  vars:
    # Sendgrid
    msmtp_enabled: true
    msmtp_default_account: Sendgrid
    msmtp_alias_default: my_verified_sender@example.com
    msmtp_accounts:
      - account: Sendgrid
        host: smtp.sendgrid.net
        port: 587
        auth: 'on'  # Comment this value, otherwise it will become "True"
        from: my_verified_sender@example.com
        user: apikey
        password: "{{ vault_msmtp_sendgrid_password }}"
```
